docs: add Upgrade 20 operator notice (#22092)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/notices/index.mdx

## Network upgrades

<CardGroup cols={1}>
  <Card title="Upgrade 20" href="/notices/upgrade-20" icon="circle-info" horizontal>

>     Prepare Fault Proof services for Super Root Dispute Games and update SystemConfig integrations

Author: ```suggestion
    Prepare Fault Proof services for Super Root Dispute Games and other maintenance smart contract upgrades
```
